a shortest song title of all time for
the Red Hots a short song to Tony a
little number
I'm glad if it's on our record me too
I'd be bummed it wasn't I would be
bummed yeah I'll tell you where I feel
like it got its inspiration and I don't
really know because I didn't get the
ball rolling but I feel like it came out
of our foray into folk music flea had
brought that in and it was kind of even
though it was kind of folk e it's ended
up being one of my favorite things on
the record and it really serves a
wonderful place on the record because
there is nothing else that's anything
like it you know when I wrote those
parts I were just sitting right on this
couch uh-huh
all that fairport convention that was
going around there for a while
energetically it just seems to be coming
from that kind of a place it could be I
mean it's from everything I was also
like listening to like a lot of Neil you
know which is get ku sticky and but it
doesn't snow like that he does not sound
like Neil yeah but that's really what I
was about Neil Diamond lot of at the
time for me just purely listening to
just the bass in the vocal it was
reminding me of like some other like the
mellow or Zeppelin things or whatever
that was my reference point for it I'm
not certainly not comparing it to Led
Zeppelin I'm just saying like it that's
that's that's what it felt like to me
was that kind of like mellow folk II
feeling that still somehow like bursts
in a kind of based in a kind of strength
that that not all folk music has how
does somebody sit under in writing and
thinking I was on something good yeah
well you have you have a knack of coming
up with kind of esoteric you know base
movements that grow into something you
know but yeah you're not afraid to sit
down and write some hard on the
bass and allow that to become a song in
the in the kind of jazz tradition you
know yeah I mean if it was up to me we'd
probably never have a hit song you know
what I mean because I don't usually come
up with the songs that are real popular
hit songs and in terms of you know the
music runner initiated by the bass you
know I mean that's more you and John you
know then if it's up to me we'd have a
bunch of b-sides and art songs you know
right you give us you give
successful side yeah I'm responsible for
the part that no one cares about no my
god no we'd be nothing without the part
that no one cares about you see the
canyons of Fifth Avenue kind of nice
yeah
and that's it's at the end of the day
it's really about the simple pleasures
of you know loving somebody and going on
a walk with them and yeah doesn't get
much better yeah you can try to make it
better but you won't really get any
better